[DOC-2240] fix(ddl): Add header option for ddl endpoint; (#479)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/API/pages/built-in-endpoints.adoc

| Yes
| File variable name or file path for the file containing the data

| `header`
| No

> | Whether to skip loading the header line of the file or not. The input should be true or false. The default header is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Whether to skip loading the header line of the file or not. The value should be either true or false. The default value is false.
```
